Wonder Mike Verse 1I said a hip hop, the hippie to the hippie,To the hip, hip hop, and you don't stop, a rock itTo the bang bang boogie, say, up jump the boogie,To the rhythm of the boogie, the beatNow, what you hear is not a test,I'm rappin' to the beat,And me, the groove, and my friendsAre gonna try to move your feet.See, I am Wonder Mike,And I'd like to say hello,To the black, to the white, the red and the brown,The purple and yellow.But first, I gotta bang-bang, the boogie to the boogie,Say up jump the boogie to the bang bang boogie,Let's rock, you don't stop,Rock the rhythm that'll make your body rock.Well so far, you've heard my voice,But I brought two friends along,And the next on the mic is my man Hank,C'mon, Hank, sing that song!Wonder Mike Verse 2I said a hip hop, the hippie to the hippieThe hip hip a hop, and you don't stop, a rock itTo the bang bang boogie, say up jump the boogie,To the rhythm of the boogie, the beat.A Skiddleebebop, we rock, scooby doo,And guess what, America, we love you'Cause you rocked and a-rolled with so much soul,You could rock 'til you're a hundred and one years old.I don't mean to brag, I don't mean to boast,But we're like hot butter on your breakfast toastRock it up, Baby Bubba!Baby Bubba to the boogie da bang bang da boogieTo the beat, beat, it's so uniqueCome on everybody and dance to the beat!The hip hop, the hippie to the hippieThe hip hip, a hop, and you don't stopRock it out, Baby Bubba to the boogie da bang bangThe boogie to the boogie, the beat.I said, I can't wait 'til the end of the weekWhen I'm rappin' to the rhythm of a groovy beatAnd attempt to raise your body heat.Just blow your mind, so that you can't speakAnd do a thing but a-rock and shuffle your feetAnd let it change up to a dance called the freakAnd when you finally do come into your rhythmic beat,Rest a little while so you don't get weak.I know a man named HankHe has more rhymes than a serious bankSo come on, Hank, sing that song,To the rhythm of the boogie, the bang bang da bong!Wonder Mike Verse 3I say a can of beer that's sweeter than honey,Like a millionaire that has no moneyLike a rainy day that is not wet,Like a gamblin' fiend that does not betLike Dracula without his fangs,Like the boogie to the boogie without the boogie bangLike collard greens that don't taste good,Like a tree that's not made out of woodLike goin' up and not comin' down,Is just like the beat without the sound, none soundTo the beat beat, you do the freakEverybody just rock and dance to the beatHave you ever went over a friend's house to eatAnd the food just ain't no good?I mean the macaroni's soggy, the peas are mushed,And the chicken tastes like woodSo you try to play it off like you think you canBy saying that you're fullAnd then your friend says, "Mama, he's just being polite.He ain't finished, uh-uh, that's bull!"So your heart starts pumpin' and you think of a lieAnd you say that you already ateAnd your friend says, "Man, there's plenty of food."So he piles some more on your plateWhile the stinky food's steamin', your mind starts to dreamin'Of the moment it's time to leaveAnd then you look at your plate and your chicken's slowly rottin'Into something that looks like cheeseOh so you say, "That's it, I gotta leave this place.I don't care what these people think.I'm just sittin' here makin' myself nauseousWith this ugly food that stinks."So you bust out the door while it's still closedStill sick from the food you ateAnd then you run to the store for quick reliefFrom a bottle of KaopectateAnd then you call your friend two weeks laterTo see how he has beenAnd he says, "I understand about the food,Baby Bubba, but we're still friends."With a hip hop the hippie to the hippieThe hip hip a hop, and you don't stop the rockin'To the bang bang boogie say up jump the boogieTo the rhythm of the boogie the beatI said, "Hank, can ya rock?Can ya rock to the rhythm that just don't stop?Can ya hip me to the shoobie doo?"I said, "Come on, make, make the people move!"